The full series of joint touches of One Piece, One Piece, One Piece, One Piece, One Piece, One Piece, One Piece, One Piece, One Piece, One Piece, My Blind Box, One Piece, One Piece,  , One Piece, One Piece,  , One Piece
Jointly signed! The weight of the feel is from light to heavy  90g Monkey D.
Luffy The space on six sides is very large, especially smashing, the space on the left and right is very large, and the box is very smashing.
The point where the box is beaten is very obvious in the middle  93g Roronoa Zorro is sitting so there is a lot of space up and down, and it can shake both front and back, left and right.
The base has no snaps, so it can obviously shake the base and hit it.
It is almost difficult for others to have such a crisp sound.
Ming Box   94g Nigo Robin is more concentrated.
The six sides are cool and smash the box with a large space.
The box is shaking randomly.
 95.5g Nami There is a small dot on top and bottom that hits the box with a big impact.
There is a little sound in front and back, but there is only a little space below  100g Franky is very wide, so it is a diagonal line, so a diagonal line is very hard, but the normal surface is very empty There is only the sound of the base on the upper and lower  100g Lie cloth The six sides are full, only a touch of dynamic feeling on the upper and lower  103.5g Shanzhi There are some space on the six sides, but the sound of smashing the box is not loud, not very obvious.
The sound of hitting the box in front and back is very small, the left and right and left are relatively large  112g Trafalgar Roh is very heavy and has a relatively large space on the left and right but has a crisp sound.
The space on the upper and lower is larger than the surroundings, but the box is particularly heavy.
The sound of smashing the box is heavy  113g Jinping is full, but the space on the left and right is large, and there is a slight impact sound on the left and right  117g Sabo is very full, the six sides are completely unable to shake, only the desiccant sound is bright box   119g Brooke is very full, the six sides are almost unable to shake, there is no space around, only a little dynamic feeling is bright box   132.5g Tony Tony Chopper Ming Box  A big fat one! Push it out directly from the opposite side of the middle! Push it out! Push it out There is a little space up and down and the box is smashed but there is no sound  Come and hand in the homework! I wish I could draw the one I like!     pirate    
Labub One Piece One Piece joint series hidden model - Luffy (5th section) Weight: 103.5g (the middle of the entire series is lighter) Weight: 93.5g Desiccant will fluctuate! It is expected that the weight range is between 98-105 for 5-12g.
  Keywords 1: The body of the baby is large, which can easily cause top (but not absolute)   Keywords 2: The only one in the entire series without base accessories, get similar, multiple horizontal shaking to eliminate accessories!  Keyword 3: This placement can only be said to be relatively full, not full! There is room for shaking slightly.
I wish you all the best! 	   Bo's touch   box touch sharing   box     Piece     hide
The weight is from heavy to light:  Tony Tony Chopper: 129.11 The whole set is heaviest, quite full, it shakes up and down, it feels very bulging inside, protruding from front to back, and you can also feel some left and right  Sabor: 118.05 is very full! The whole set is the most complete! No room for shaking! There is something inside around you, bulging  Brook: 117.82 is quite full, there is no space, there is no protruding around you, but you can feel the bulging inside  Trafalgar Rowe: 115.66 It can shake around you, the space is larger and the box is smashed, and it shakes left and right.
 Jinpei: 115.2 is slightly shaking around, it is relatively full, and there is no protrusion around you  Yanzhi: 102.55 is large in shaking around you, and there is no protrusion around you, and there is no protrusion around you  Franke: 98 is not full in front and back, it can shake up and down, and there is no protrusion around you, and there is no protrusion around you, and there is no protrusion around you.
 Robin: 92.65 can shake around, the space is relatively large, and it will be shattered when shaken  Zorro: 90.66 can shake around, the space is large up and down, and it will be a bit messy when shaken  Lie cloth: 87.12 the whole set is the lightest, full, and you can touch things in front and back --------   also have to play with toys     Box   Piece   Battle       blind box sharing   blind box removal  
One Piece One Piece Co-branded Hot Model - Luffy Weight: 96.9g (the whole series is light in weight) Weight: 85.3g   Focus: Lightly find obvious large package of desiccant, point to pair   Box feel   box feel sharing   box   Piece    
Hide Luffy (Fifth gear) Weight: 100.93g Feeling: Swing up and down, the whole box is slightly slight, but the space is very small, and there is a sound of desiccant particles.
The main body cannot shake completely, and the desiccant pack will hit the box obviously.
Shake the main body left and right and cannot shake it, and gently turn the desiccant pack into the box.
The middle part of the front and back can pinch the object, without a top box; the left and right pinch can obviously pinch the bag, and the bottom can pinch the object, without a top box.
Tony Tony Chopper Weight: 133.4g Feeling: Slightly shaking up and down, boxed at the bottom, full on all sides, basically unable to shake.
A light press in the middle makes a sense of obstruction.
Brooke Weight: 120.6g Feeling: There is room for up and down, shaking at the bottom, swaying slightly from front and back, touching the box in the middle.
The left and right are relatively full, and the middle is lightly pressed to make it feel obstructed.
Sabo Weight: 120.4g Feeling: Overall full, basically unable to shake on the six sides.
Press the upper and lower middle part to feel blocked, and press the upper box to feel.
Jinping Weight: 116.1g Feeling: It can’t shake up and down, only accessories can be packed up and down.
The four sides are relatively full, swaying slightly in front and back, and the box is placed in the lower middle position.
It can't shake left and right.
Trafalgar Rowe Weight: 115.6g Feeling: Large up and down space, obvious shaking, boxed at the bottom.
The shaking of all sides feels very dispersed.
The light pressing of the front and back middle part will make a sense of obstruction, and the light pressing of the left and middle part will make a sense of obstruction.
Shanzhi Weight: 112.5g Feeling: There is room on the top and bottom, shaking is obvious, and the bottom is boxed.
Shake all sides, and evenly put the box in the lower position.
Franky Weight: 97.6g Feeling: Large space for up and down, obvious shaking, and the bottom touches the box.
There is not much space on all sides, so you can sway it in the middle to make a box.
Lie cloth Weight: 97.4g Feel: There is room on the top and bottom, shake at the bottom and touch the box.
Slightly shaken back and forth, you can feel the accessories.
It can't shake left and right, and it feels obstructed when pressing the middle lightly.
Nami Weight: 97.1g Feel: Sway up and down, smash the box from the bottom.
The four sides are relatively empty, and the shaking is evenly shaking in the lower middle position.
Nico Robin Weight: 93.5g Feeling: Swaying up and down obviously, accessories are boxed up and down.
The four sides are also empty, and the box is evenly shaking in the middle.
Roronoa Zorro Weight: 93.2g Feel: Sway up and down, you can feel the accessories being boxed.
There is space on all sides, and the shaking is evenly placed in the lower middle position.
Monkey D.
Luffy Weight: 90.0g Feeling: Lighter at the beginning, shaking up and down, touching the box at the bottom.
There is not much space in front and back, so it sways left and right, and it is boxed in the middle.
   One Piece   One Piece exchanges the baby   One Piece series   co-branded One Piece   labubu     One Piece   One Piece   co-branded One Piece   co-branded One Piece         Piece blind box 
One Piece Old Fan! ! ! Love labubu again! It’s indeed the ecstasy of the two chefs! ! ! If you want Chopper, get the heaviest hhh -   Weight is important light:  Tony Tony Chopper: 129.11 the heaviest! It is also quite full, it can shake up a little up and down, it feels bulging inside, with protruding front and back, and you can touch something on the left and right.
 Sabor: 118.05 is very full! The most fullest one! No room for shaking! There is something inside around you,  Brook: 117.82 is quite full, there is no space, there is no protruding around, but you can feel the bulging inside  Trafalgar Rowe: 115.66 It can shake around, the space is larger and the box is smashed, and it shakes left and right.
 Jinpei: 115.2 is slightly shaking around, it is relatively full, and there is no protrusion around  Shanzhi: 102.55 It is large in shaking around, and there is no protrusion around you, and there is no protrusion around you, and there is no protrusion around you, and there is no protrusion around you, and there is no protrusion around you, and there is no protrusion around you, and there is no protrusion around you, and there is no protrusion around you, and there is no protrusion around you, and there is no protrusion around you, and there is no protrusion around you, and there is no protrusion around you, and there is no protrusion around you, and there is no protrusion around you, and there is no protrusion around you  Robin: 92.65 can shake around, the space is relatively large, and it will be shattered when shaken  Zorro: 90.66 can shake around, the space is large, and it will be a bit scattering when shaken  Lie cloth: 87.12 the whole set is the lightest, full, and you can touch things in front and back -------   also want to play with toys   toys   toys sharing     box     Piece   Navigation   blind box sharing   box unboxing
 :10 Monkey D Luffy 95.5g  :24 Roronoa Zorro 90.5g  :33 Tony Tony Chopper 131g  :40 Nami 96.5g  :47 Yamachi 101.5g  :53 Brooke 125.5g  :03 Nico Robin 90.5g  :10 Lie cloth 97g  :17 Sapo 117.5g  :24 Trafalgar Rob 109.5g  :33 Jinbe 114.5g  :43 Frankie 98g # Adults also want to play with toys   toy sharing   # Join the Straw Hat Group with LABUBU  
  Mart   Box Hidden   One Piece   Blind Box Sharing   Blind Box Disassembly My husband’s favorite dolls have finally settled down.
I paired with the Lego Pirate Ship I used to fight for.
I feel like it.
I like   My husband likes   Piece.
I have been looking for a long time.
I have found many stores but I have no goods.
I have no box machines.
Who would have thought of passing by the box machines when I went shopping.
I happened to meet the staff who were loading the goods.
I watched 12 of them.
As soon as the staff left, my husband ran to push them excitedly.
I didn’t think about buying too much at the beginning, so I bought 4.
I just wanted to drive out   or  .
The result was not very much.
But without repeating this, we had a premonition that the goods on it were definitely a whole box.
I simply pushed them all and pushed them to the 7th.
My son opened his little hand and opened it to hide‼  Instantly exclaimed.
Who knows how to feel hidden for the first time after entering the pit for so long? I am still the box machine.
I have been driven one after another.
I found that the one I was hidden and pushed off was  .
Thinking about it, I still collected one extra.
I made up a complete set.
I am successful.
I hope everyone can drive the one they want most.
  Luffy, always keep loving like you
  authors’ plan to get out of the circle.
Today I will bring it to you.
Labubu Navigation Co-branded Series.
(Co-branded by Labubu One Piece) Analysis of super detailed touch strategy! 	 Labubu hidden model Luffy (five gears) (Figure 2) Labubu Luffy (Figure 3) Labubu Choba (Figure 4) Labubu Zorro (Figure 5) Labubu Trafalgar Rod (Figure 6) Labubu Brooke (Figure 7) Labubu Yamato (Figure 8) Labubu Nico Robin (Figure 9) Labubu Sapo (Figure 10) Labubu Frank (Figure 11) Labubu Shiki (Figure 12) Labubu Lie Cloth (Figure 13) Labubu Nami (Figure 14) I hope it will be helpful for everyone to draw a box! Stamping ~   One Piece   Pirate Luffy     Co-branded One Piece   also want to play with toys   Hidden   box touch sharing   battle   you like this set of Labubu Co-branded One Piece?
  Piece           blind box sharing   box feel sharing   interest is open   battle   real estate   light accompany you to welcome the New Year   also want to play with toys
Detailed price list of Pop Mart One Piece Blind Box Character Hidden Model: Luffy (Fifth level) Price: 750 yuan Weight: 100.93g Feeling: slight boxing on top and bottom, small space, and obvious sound of desiccant particles.
The main body is shaken forward and backward, and the desiccant pack hits the box obviously.
Shake the main body left and right and still move, and gently turn the desiccant pack into the box.
Ordinary model: Tony Tony Chopper Price: 116 yuan Weight: 133.4g Feeling: slightly shaking up and down, boxed at the bottom, full on all sides, basically unable to shake.
A light press in the middle makes a sense of obstruction.
Brooke Price: 56 yuan Weight: 120.6g Feeling: There is room for up and down, boxed at the bottom, swaying slightly from front and back, and touch the box in the middle.
The left and right are full, and the middle is lightly pressed to make it feel obstructed.
Sabo Price: 51 yuan Weight: 120.4g Feeling: Overall full, basically unable to shake on the six sides.
Press the upper and lower middle part to feel blocked, and press the upper box to feel.
Jinping Price: 52 yuan Weight: 116.1g Feel: basically not shake up and down, accessories are boxed up and down.
It is full on all sides, swaying slightly from front to back, and the box is placed in the lower middle position.
It can't shake left and right.
Trafalgar Rowe Price: 73 yuan Weight: 115.6g Feeling: Large up and down space, obvious shaking, boxed at the bottom.
The shaking of all sides feels dispersed, the front, back and middle part lightly presses it to feel obstructed, and the left, middle and upper part lightly presses it to feel obstructed.
Shanzhi Price: 52 yuan Weight: 112.5g Feeling: There is room on the top and bottom, shaking is obvious, and the bottom is boxed.
Shake all sides and evenly in the lower position.
Franky Price: 52 yuan Weight: 97.6g Feeling: Large up and down space, obvious shaking, and touching the box at the bottom.
There is not much space on all sides, so you can sway it in the middle to make a box.
Lie cloth Price: 57 yuan Weight: 97.4g Feel: There is room on the top and bottom, touch the box at the bottom, swaying slightly from front and back, and you can feel the accessories.
It can't shake left and right, and it feels obstructed when pressing the middle lightly.
Nami Price: 54 yuan Weight: 97.1g Feel: shaking up and down, smashing the box from the bottom.
All sides are empty, shake and evenly move the box in the lower middle position.
Nico Robin Price: 52 yuan Weight: 93.5g Feel: shaking up and down obviously, accessories are boxed up and down.
All sides are empty, shake and evenly slim in the middle position.
Roronoa Zorro Price: 88 yuan Weight: 93.2g Feel: shaking up and down, accessories are boxed.
There is space on all sides, and the box is evenly shaking at the lower middle position.
Monkey D.
Luffy Price: 117 yuan Weight: 90.0g Feeling: Light at the beginning, shaking up and down, touching the box at the bottom.
There is not much space in front and back, so it sways left and right in the middle to make a box.
   One Piece   One Piece exchanges the baby   One Piece Series   co-branded One Piece             One Piece   One Piece   One Piece   One Piece   Blind Box Guide 
From waiting before the New Year to after the New Year, Pop Mart THE MONSTERS Neither of Navigator’s joint blind box finally came out  Without further ado, please refer to the picture for the feel of the shaking box!   I hope everyone can get into the soul! Note: They all come with a piece base and the position is not fixed, so the touch guide is for reference only!    Toy   Mart 
Lao Haimi must-have series.
Unfortunately, I couldn't invite Nika fifth-level Luffy   Luffy 90.5g The lightest in the whole series, the front and rear shake boxes are full, there is space on the left and right, the box is high, and the sound of desiccant and cards are very mixed  Zoro 94.6g upper and lower shake boxes, the base shake boxes are accompanied by the sound of desiccant, and there is space on all sides   Usopp 98g Overall full, the sound of desiccant is only the sound of desiccant, the front cover Luffy's face is diagonally facing the top  Nami 96.8g left and middle and lower boxes are large, and the upper and lower space is empty around  Robin 97.3g small upper and lower spaces are only the sound of desiccant and accessories  Jinping 112.8g overall full, and there is only the sound of dryness  Sabau 117.2g It can't shake up and down at all, and the desiccant sounds very loud.
The desiccant sound is obvious, the left and right is full   Shanzhi 111.8g The surrounding space is large, the upper and lower box is smashed with a large space, the front and rear box is obvious, the front and rear box is shook with a clear  Trafalgar Roh 114g The upper and lower room is large, and the shaking is obvious.
The four-sided shaking feels that there is an obstacle to the front and back middle part.
The left and right middle part is an obstacle to the  Frank 101.9g Large up and down space.
The box is obvious.
The four-sided space is not large.
The middle part is slightly.
The box is  Brook 116.7g There is room on the top and bottom.
The box is small.
The front and back space is small.
 Choba 129.6g Ming Box The heaviest in the whole series.
There is not much room for the top and bottom.
  Piece figure     Piece   toy figure   Mart   Mart One Piece   One Piece   One Piece   Piece blind box
  brings you today.
Popular models in the Labubu Navigation Co-branded series.
Labubu Zorro! Super detailed touch guide! 	 Roronoa Zorro 1.
Choose a light box, which is one of the lightest babies in the entire series.
This box has a net weight of 85.2 grams.
(Note: the weight will be close to Luffy) 2.
It can shake up and down, but the space is not large, and there is probably only one little finger space.
3.
Feel the baby's body leaning against the box.
In this box, you can feel the baby's body approaching the left side of the box, and the right side is relatively empty.
4.
It can be shaken forward and back, and there is obvious boxing on the cover.
5.
The cover is boxed at the left ear of Rabubu.
6.
The left and right can be shaken obviously, and the space is larger than the front and back.
7.
When shaking left and right, there is a very obvious feeling of boxing on the left side, and the boxing position is concentrated in the upper area of ​​the middle section of the left side of the box.
	 Hope it will be helpful for everyone to draw a box! Stamping ~   One Piece   Navigation   Piece   blind box sharing   author out-of-the-box plan   also want to play with toys   toys   box feel sharing   Piece Zorro   you like this Labubu Zorro?
Labubu's joint name One Piece can be said to be ecstatic for the two chefs, and the three popular models of the joint series Luffy, Chopper and Zorro are all Ming boxes, so it's not difficult.
	  Luffy: The weight belongs to the light echelon, and only chooses from the lightest boxes.
The upper and lower half refer to the space, which can be shaken both front, back, left and right, and the left and right space is significantly larger than the front and back.
It has a clear feeling of touching the box when it shakes left and right, and there is only one side of the box that touches the box clearly at the bottom.
(The touch box point is shown in Figure 2).
A very important point is that there is a large bag of desiccant, and the sound is obvious.
	  Choba: The weight is the heaviest in the entire series, and it feels obvious when you get it.
The upper and lower half refer to the space, and the overall size is full, and it cannot shake left and right.
There are very obvious hard tops in front and back.
When placed in front and back, the front and back middle and upper top boxes are placed in reverse.
When placed in front and back, the front and back middle and lower top boxes are not on the left and right but there is a sense of obstruction.
	  Zorro The weight is the lightest in the entire series.
 The upper and lower half refer to the space, which can be shaken both front, back, left and right, and the left and right space is significantly larger than the front and back.
The middle part of the left and right shake box is obviously touching the box (the point of the box is shown in Figure 3).
Accessories are boxed up and down the cover.
	 In general, the three popular models of the Labubu One Piece series are quite obvious.
As long as you learn the strategy, you can get it right, and everyone can draw the central wish model!   also want to play with toys   Mart   box touch sharing   Piece           One Piece
  Mart Joint Name of Navigation   Mart Neptune Hidden One Piece and Popular Mart have been chasing for more than ten years.
Hidden I must win.
On the first day, my friend helped snatch both ends, and nothing happened to one end of the robot! My sisters knew I liked it, so she helped me grab one end in the live broadcast room, and also got one end in the live broadcast room.
As soon as they arrived, they each claimed their weight.
Hers was 1412g, and mine was 1359g.
It felt like it was a good idea.
As a result, it was hidden in my end, weighing 100g.
I felt it was hidden when I got it.
I couldn't shake it with my hands.
There was a little space up and down, there was no space in front and back, and there was a trace of space on the left and right, and there was only the sound of desiccant.
I pressed hard in Luffy's ears and felt a sense of obstruction, but it was not hard to push P3, but it was hidden to push Trafalgar Ro.
Roronoa 90.35g slightly swayed around the box, and it felt like the weight of the whole box was lower.
Monkey 93.54g swayed around left and right, almost unable to shake up and down.
Nico 94.78g swayed around the box on the face of Labubu, and left and right, obviously there was accessories smashing the box.
Nami 96.03g swayed around the box, and left and right, obviously in the Japanese language on the left.
Frank 97.75g could not shake around, and there was no top-top.
Lies 101.25g swayed around, and almost unable to shake up, and things could be touched both front and back.
Yamachi 102.50g swayed around in the middle, slightly swayed up and down, and left and right in the second row of the picture book Trafalgar 112.27g was very full overall, almost unable to shake, and no top-top.
Brooke 117.69g is almost unable to shake up and down, and the left and right is slightly boxed in the second row of the picture book.
Sabo 117.17g is filled with desiccant, and there is a very slight shaking up and down, and you can touch things in front and back.
Jinbe 118.41g is slightly boxed in front and back, and the left and right cards are obviously boxed, and it cannot shake up and down.
Tony Tony   Chopper 132.60g is completely boxed, and there is diagonal toward the front and back # Adults also want to play with toys   blind box sharing   box feel sharing   Navigation   Piece       My interests are not closed
Friends and friends! labubu  One Piece’s touch sharing is here (included)! You can check the pictures to choose your favorite style offline! Although everyone says this set, the new enjoyment was sold out in more than 10 minutes yesterday.
Friends who have their own favorite characters can also refer to the feel to try their luck~ Everyone is welcome to add to the feel, and I wish you all a lot of European energy! 	 Guan Guan [Intelligence Officer] Come to qun (you can go out or change kids) and discuss more trendy toy consultations!   toy   Mart   Product     Piece   Box Sharing   toy new Product   toy figures   toy sharing   also want to play with toys
Draw the repetitive ones and want   The rest -Nami -Robin -Tony -Jinbe -usopp       Pirates
  brings you today.
A popular model in the Labubu One Piece co-branded series.
Labubu Chopper! A collection of super detailed touch guides! 	 Tony Tony Chopper 1.
Choose the heaviest box, which is the heaviest baby in the entire series.
This box has a net weight of 129.6 grams and a net weight of 126.5 grams.
(Because the net weight of this baby is already very heavy, usually about 3 grams of small packets of desiccant are placed) 2.
It can be shaken up and down, about a little finger space.
3.
The box feels very heavy and the second half is very heavy.
4.
You can only shake slightly in front and back, only a little space.
5.
The left and right can hardly shake, and only the sound of desiccant shaking can be heard.
6.
Press the lower area around the box hard, which will make the feel of some hard objects, which is caused by the antlers on the head.
	 Hope it will be helpful for everyone to draw a box.
Stamping ~   King of Navigation   Chopper   One Piece   One Piece Series   authors’ plan to get out of circle   battle   box feel sharing   also want to play with toys   blind box   you like this labubu Chopper?
The monster x one piece Labubu  Recovery Nico Robin 40       Unpacking the box and not removing the bag sunway velocity/pj face-to-face
Who beat the ball in the machine? It's me!   Mart
The last end + two boxes are comfortable.
We weighed it according to the weight on the Internet and opened it, and it turned out to be Nika! ! The only pity is that Sanji   Mart     pirate     pirate   box hidden
  Piece Labubu Series   Mart# Always love like Luffy   toy unboxing   box feel sharing I have no interest in labubu, but I was moved when I saw the collaboration, but I forgot to start and grab the time.
This was still collected on Xianyu.
At the beginning of the Internet, I said that this set is ugly and doesn't look like One Piece at all.
But it's really cute and the texture is pretty good.
Below is my little sharing.
I hope everyone is full of energy and get what they want.
1⃣  Luffy feels: the bottom is heavier, the overall lighter; the upper and lower space is rich, the sound of punching the box is loud and heavy.
Heavy weight: 93.5g 2 ⃣ Zoro Feeling: lighter overall, touch Luffy's head in the middle of the box, you can feel the sound of hitting the baby hitting the box.
Heavy weight: 95.1g 3 ⃣Nami Feeling: no obvious sound of punching the box, the surroundings hit the wall, the upper and lower boxes are full of weight: 98.3g 4⃣ Usopp Feeling: lighter, the left and right boxes are full of shaken, the baby can shake the weight: 101.1g 5⃣ Sanji Feeling: full box, average weight, box up and down, left and right boxes, no top box, the sound is lighter.
Heavy weight: 109.4g 6⃣ Choba (Da Ming box!!!) Feeling: heavy, left and right top boxes, no top box.
Luffy's face can touch Chopper's round hat! ! Gram Weight: 128g 7⃣ Robin Feeling: Lighter, large up and down space.
The jelly feels like a lot, and the middle child feels more.
Gram Weight: 98.3g 8⃣ Frank Feeling: There is a clear sound of desiccant when shaking up and down, average weight Gram Weight: 105g 9⃣ Brook Feeling: Heavy (maybe because it is an explosive head), top box on top and bottom box on the bottom, the overall full weight: 122.5g  Jinping Feeling: Full up and down, no space Gram Weight: 116.2g 1 ⃣1 ⃣Ro (Da Ming Box!!!) Feeling: Heavy, able to touch a round hat Gram Weight: 108g 1 ⃣2 ⃣Sabau Feeling: Heavy, you can touch the baby on the head, and the head is big.
Full box, upper and lower top box Gram weight: 123.9g
The biological labubu.
.
I can't buy it every time, and I have to wait for several months.
popmart Can your manufacturing department and logistic work well? aiyoyo .
.
Hahaha     Box Unboxing     Blind Box Unboxing   of Blind Box Hands   with Labubu     Unboxing Vlog   Video   Toy Unboxing   Unboxing Daily   of Blind Box   Toy Unboxing   Toy Unboxing
Everyone got the goods so quickly! Which one is the top 1 in your mind? The price of the picture comes from Qiandao     toy figures   Piece      
  authors’ plan to get out of the circle.
Today I will bring it to you.
Labubu Navigation Co-branded Series.
Hot model: Luffy's touch guide! 1.
Choose a light box, which is one of the lightest babies in the entire series.
This box has a net weight of 84.7 grams.
2.
It can be shaken up and down, about a finger space.
3.
It can be shaking clearly in front and behind, and the space is not very large.
4.
When shaking back and forth, there is a noticeable box on the back of the box.
5.
The box is placed on the back of this box, concentrated in the middle area of ​​the box.
6.
The left and right can be shaken obviously, and the space is slightly larger than the front and back.
7.
When shaking left and right, there is a clear boxing feel at the name of the Robin on the right.
8.
There must be a countertop! 	 Hope it will be helpful for everyone to draw a box! Stamping ~   One Piece   Pirate Luffy   King of Navigation     hidden Luffy five sections   box feel sharing   also want to play with toys   figure   peripherals   you like this Labubu Luffy?
This time I am really a super double-kitchen.
I have always seen various One Piece image drawings from Labubu before, but it was realized when the anime is about to end.
Brooke is really the comfort zone of tycoco haha ​​  is too cute     Piece                 Mart   also want to play with toys   Box   blind box sharing   toys   blind box removal   toys   Mart blind box
THE MONSTERS dressed up as a character in the One Piece, embarked on a journey to find One Piece, invite you to ride the wind and waves, and start a big adventure full of funny and passionate!      Mart   also want to play with toys   
  glue   One Piece     Piece Figure   also want to play with toys   Mart   co-branded   blind box   with Rabubu
He was hit by its appearance at a glance!       box   toy   model   pirate   blind box sharing   toy figure   box hidden  
    Blind Box   Piece   One Piece Co-branded Luffy, Jinpin, Saab, Brooke repeated it, all the boxes were removed but the bags were removed, and there were 50 free shipping for one except Luffy.
Or Luffy will pay any original price.
Today I am rare to replenish the goods.
Everyone is robbing me.
I silently retreated and shake the second generation of Ono/Fourth generation.
If everyone doesn’t rob, they run to shake the others.
Just as the clerk wants to replenish the new box, he goes over to shake it.
He doesn’t know whether to be angry or laugh at his luck.
This series is the first time I shake it seriously.
The first box I took is very similar to what everyone said.
Although I feel like I’m using the accessories to box, Qingman is really too similar.
I give it to my friend to shake it.
I opened the box at the bottom to prove my innocence.
In order to prove my innocence, I asked the clerk to take it back.
As a result, it was confirmed that it was hidden ‍  I took a photo and just pretend I once owned it       One Piece   Luffy  -level Luffy
  Super Rare Labubu X One Piece Luffy's joint award, with a super high collection value, a must-have for anime fans! 	   Product details:   Official authorization, collection level   Super rare limited edition model, the difficulty of getting the draw is overwhelming!   Price: RM750 (can be sent in person or mailed by Serdang)   If you want to buy it, you can chat directly! First come first served!   Super popular model, don’t hesitate if you like it!   Come and DM, I'll wait for you! 	   Piece    
90% of the store will be there tomorrow morning.
Believe me   toys   Mart   box touch sharing   Piece figure   King of Navigation
THE MONSTERS x One Piece series I was lucky enough to meet     pirate   with Rabubu   pirate figure   box      
Labubu One Piece Hidden~Nika Luffy, the others are really like the fake pirate group on the Shampoo Islands...
Have you really seen the design of the ordinary style...
 One Piece     Piece   Luffy
 Hot models 1⃣Monkey·D·Luffy 2⃣Roronoa Zorro 3⃣Tony Tony Chopper  First class 4⃣Brook 5⃣Trafargar Robb 6⃣Shanzhi  Middle class 7⃣Sabor 8⃣Lynn 9⃣Nigu Robin  Latest class  Franke 1⃣Nami 2⃣Jinping     Mart   toys     Box   Piece Figure   toys   # What are your wishes in?
THE MONSTERS x One Piece Series Labubu One Piece Co-branded blind box  Specifications (12+1): 12 regular and 1 hidden name (P1 from left to right)   nico, Usopp, Brooke, Frankie, Luffy, Nami, Chopper, Sabo, Sanji, Jinbe, Zoro, Trafalgaro, Bai Luffy (hidden model)   Expected to be released in the near future.
Don’t miss anyone who likes One Piece and Labubu   ps: It’s okay to miss it a bit difficult to comment...
  Mart   Piece       Piece Figure     Mart One Piece   One Piece   Battle
Labubu X One Piece joint figure is launched on February 27.
Labubu transforms into a straw hat group and goes to find  Onepiece, let’s set off bravely together The secret treasure ‍   -brand   Piece figure   Piece       Piece comics   box   toys   Mart   also want to play with toys   One Piece series   the straw hat group with LABUBU     Mart blind box   box feel sharing   box feel sharing   blind box removal   battle       is too cute
Roronoa 90.35g slightly swayed around the box, and it felt like the weight of the whole box was lower.
Monkey 93.54g swayed around left and right, almost unable to shake up and down.
Nico 94.78g swayed around the box on the face of Labubu, and left and right, obviously there was accessories smashing the box.
Nami 96.03g swayed around the box, and left and right, obviously in the Japanese language on the left.
Frank 97.75g could not shake around, and there was no top-top.
Lies 101.25g swayed around, and almost unable to shake up, and things could be touched both front and back.
Yamachi 102.50g swayed around in the middle, slightly swayed up and down, and left and right in the second row of the picture book Trafalgar 112.27g was very full overall, almost unable to shake, and no top-top.
Brooke 117.69g is almost unable to shake up and down, and it is very slightly boxed in the second row of the picture book.
Sabo 117.17g is filled with desiccant, and there is a very slight shaking up and down, and it can be touched in front and back.
Jinbe 118.41g is slightly boxed in front and back, and the left and right cards are obviously boxed, and it cannot shake up and down.
Tony Tony   Chopper 132.60g is completely boxed in front and back, and there are diagonal tosses in front and back   also want to play with toys   Piece     Valley     Interests are not closed   toy figures     blind box removal  
.
.
.
One is ours, the other is lucky star, my brother @ ! 	 My daughter is so well-behaved! 	 @ 
 Hot models 1⃣Monkey·D·Luffy 2⃣Roronoa Zorro 3⃣Tony Tony Chopper  First class 4⃣Brook 5⃣Trafargar Robb 6⃣Shanzhi  Middle class 7⃣Sabor 8⃣Lynn 9⃣Nigu Robin  Latest class  Franke 1⃣Nami 2⃣Jinping     Mart   toys     Box   Piece Figure   toys   # What are your wishes in?
    Unremoved bag  selangor/klangvalley   Mart Labubu Co-branded by King of Navigation        
(Received) Authentic free shipping Pop Mart Rabubu Neptune series Labubu Luffy has received Zoro 70 Usopp has received Sanji has received Robin has received Brooke 35 yuan Ronaldo 40 yuan Sapo 30 yuan Chopper 60 yuan Nami 30 yuan Jinping has received Franky 30       Mart   One Piece
Red is an existing character who wants to change to blue.
Is there a teacher who can be changed?     Piece   Trend Toys   Box
When the anime is about to end, the labubu joint brand was actually implemented.
The real thing looks OK, better than I imagined haha, Brooke is really the comfort zone of tycoco haha ​​  One Piece   King of Navigation   is too cute     Piece                 Mart   also want to play with toys   Box   blind box sharing   toys   blind box removal   toys   Mart blind box
Friends and friends! Who bought the blind box of the labubu One Piece series? ! (Who said that I didn’t buy it at that time? There is no spot in online and offline now!) The price is better than I thought, and there are even two 90+ models! A 100+ model is not the same as the 10 yuan small   I thought, but overall it is still a small amount! 	 Have you all entered this series? How do you think the future will develop? 	 Guan Guan [Intelligence Officer] Come to qun (you can go out or change kids) and discuss more trendy toy consultations! 	   toys   Mart   Products     toys new Products   Box   toy figures     also want to play with toys   toy sharing
 Unremoved the box and not removed the bag ×1 If you are interested, you can PM   model     Mart   full of energy   feel analysis   also want to play with toys   box   Piece    
Spot, brand new, undisassembled, undisassembled, undisassembled, not including all official flaws, no return or exchange for sale, Luffy (already released) Chopper: 109 Zorro: 99 Ro: 89 Nami: 45 Lie cloth: 45 Jinpin: 45  Single does not have free shipping, more than 2 free shipping is not remote, you can pick up in the same city, no knife or knife, thank you, go      Piece Figure     love like Luffy  
Sunway Pyramid In-person
Is this the hidden model     Piece   Piece xRabb     Five
One Piece actually collaborated with labubu! This new product is expected to be launched in April! This is so cute! Friends who like One Piece and Labubu are blessed! Babies should have noticed that  This time it is released on sale at 1000%/400% dual specifications! The largest one is 80cm! I dare not think about how cute the real thing is   Labubu dressed up as Chopper and her cute appearance is deeply loved by fans and babies! I hope everyone can buy such a cute baby in the first wave! The editor is in   and wishes everyone a successful kid grabbing at the original price‼       Mart replenishment group     combined with onepirate  product is on the market
Repeat ÷ labubu one piece Jinbe 35 has been released Lies 35 has been released Chopper 60 Sabo 50 Sanzhi 50 Brooke 50 More than 3 Si  KL          
My mouth couldn't be closed...
I rushed to the store in the morning and was told that there was no offline goods.
I passed by the subway station and saw that there was stock in the robot store.
I also met a baby friend.
The baby friend said very friendly, "We were in a row at one person...
It turned out that the golden legend really came out!" ! ! Thanks to the unknown kid friend     Mart   pirate   box touch sharing   also want to play with toys
Labubu Straw Hat Group One Piece, Malaysian popmart is out of stock,  Popmart introduced 100% original whole box-12 boxes: Priced at RM788, one box /: RM66 Interested pm
           	 #   #   #  #  #  #  #       
Chopper and Zorro, or exchange for Sanji and Nami     Mart labubu       One Piece   One Piece
Does anyone want SABO? There are duplicate SABOs I want to change LUFFY   Thank you
First, don't rush out, unplug the box and not remove the bag   Luffy   Piece labubu
Cheap! ! Labubu One Piece, all are unpacked without bags.
Luo (already released)  jinbe Jinbe  usopp lying cloth  sabo Sabo  prefer  sunway area     pirate           Navigation Co-branded   pirate
Labubu One Piece Joint Wechat Replacement No Free Shipping 50  Exchange Robin/Sabor   Mart   Piece     Box    -branded Model   Toy   Box Hidden   Mart Blind Box   Mart New Products
 It's over.
Welcome everyone to use the building /Swap the baby   Piece Figure   Piece       exchange   online draw box       Xiangji
Drawing and repeating, three take away  158 zoro 89 (out) Sanji 38 (out) Robin 38   Cheras / Sunway           Onepirate      
59.90/box 703.8 end  On-market shake box  Invoice  Online and offline  G       love like Luffy   Piece   Piece Blind Box    
One Piece Labubu series box machine straight, change your address directly, three boxes of free shipping Chopper Chopper -   Law -   Sanji Sanji -   Jinbe -   Sabo Sabo -   The pm you want or leave a message   Luffy, Usopp, Brooke, Robin, Nami, French      Piece   Mart   Box           Red Book Assistant Promotion
  Piece Comics   Blind Box Disassembly  Five Level   Mart
All the staff stand up cards The size of the whole person is just right into the pain cabinet.
Luffy's egg head island's look is so cute! The red is very suitable   The pillar can put Lubao in the middle and be surrounded by everyone.
I really like acrylic, please give more   Piece  
