One Piece One Piece Co-branded Series Hidden Model-Luffy (5th paragraph)
Weight: 103.5g (the middle weight of the whole series)
Weight of desiccant removal: 93.5g
The desiccant fluctuates! Estimated 5-12g
That is, the weight range is between 98-105
	
⚠️Key points 1: The baby is larger and can easily cause the upper end (but not absolute)
⚠️Keyword 2: The only one in the entire series without base accessories, get similar, multiple horizontal shaking parts to eliminate!
⚠️Keyword 3: This placement can only be said to be relatively full, not full! There is a slight shaking space


Hide Luffy (Fifth gear)
Weight: 100.93g
Feeling: Shake up and down and gently beat the box as a whole, 
but the space is very small and there is a sound of desiccant 
particles. The main body cannot shake completely, and the desiccant 
pack will hit the box obviously. Shake the main body left and 
right and cannot shake it, and gently turn the desiccant pack 
into the box. The middle part of the front and back can pinch 
the object, without a top box; the left and right pinch can 
obviously pinch the bag, and the bottom can pinch the object, 
without a top box.


Hide Luffy (Fifth gear) 100.93g is swayed up and down and 
gently beat the box, but the space is very small and there 
is also the sound of the desiccant. The main body cannot 
shake completely, but the desiccant pack hits the box with 
obvious particle sound. The main body is shaken left and 
right, the desiccant pack is slightly beaten, and there is 
also a significant particle sound. The middle part of the 
front and back can pinch the object, but there is no top box. 
The left and right pinch can obviously pinch the bag, and the 
bottom can pinch the object, but there is no top box.



Luffy's fifth gear weight: 103 grams.
It can't shake up, up, down, left, left, front and back, 
without sound of typing the box.
Only the sound of desiccant is heard when shaking the box.
See the video analysis in detail.


Hidden model - Luffy (fifth gear)
Weight: 100.93g
Feeling: Slightly slapped on top and bottom, small space, 
and obvious sound of desiccant particles. The main body is 
shaken forward and backward, and the desiccant pack hits 
the box obviously. Shake the main body left and right and 
still move, and gently turn the desiccant pack into the box.


Luffy (fifth gear)
Price: 750 yuan
Weight: 100.93g
Feeling: Slightly slapped on top and bottom, small space, 
and obvious sound of desiccant particles. The main body is 
shaken forward and backward, and the desiccant pack hits the 
box obviously. Shake the main body left and right and still 
move, and gently turn the desiccant pack into the box.


Luffy (Fifth gear) 100.93g: slightly zipped up and down, 
not moving forward and backward, not moving left and right, 
and can be pinched at the bottom of the middle
	

💯【Hidden model-Five-level Luffy】about 103g
Ming Box‼ ️The overall size is 🈵, with slightly swaying up and 
down, with a top opposite to the front and back center, and can 
also sway slightly in the front and back. The space for swaying 
left and right is larger than that of the front and back. The only 
series does not have a base accessory! About 10g of desiccant
(About 100g, full, probability is up to top, 
no accessories! Stable!)


Hidden model - 5-speed Luffy 103.4g can't shake up and down, 
the bottom touches the box, almost does not move around, the 
only one has no base accessories, the sound of the accessories 
cannot be heard (only the sound of desiccant), and then the left 
and right sides of the flame cloud, the pinch box is obviously 
facing the top.


Hide Luffy 5th gear (100.4g) facing the top, very full, no base


Luffy (fifth gear) 105.2g high, the left half is obviously full 
and the top box, and the left and right sides have a top side.


Labubu Luffy fifth gear!
Super detailed painless hand guide!
	
1. Choose a box that is lighter or medium-weight, generally within the weight range of 99 grams but 106 grams. This box has a net weight of 99.9 grams, with a net weight of 95.2 grams.
(Because this box is a small package of desiccant, which is medium-weight. If you put more than 10 grams of desiccant, the box will be about 105 grams of medium-weight)
2. It cannot shake up and down completely. It feels like the baby is stuffed very full, and only the sound of desiccant can be heard, because the baby is very wide and can easily get stuck in the box, causing it to shake up and down.
3. There is no movement in front and back, and you can only hear the sound of desiccant on the back of this box.
4. When shaking left and right, you can't feel the baby's body shaking, and you can only hear the sound of the card and desiccant on the back of the box shaking.
5. Press the left and right sides of the box and the middle area, and the creaking feel of the packaging bag. Because the baby is very large, it is easy to spread the packaging bag, causing a bulging feel. This box does not have a clear hard feel.
6. There must be a countertop!
Hope it will be helpful for everyone to draw a box!


hidden version Luffy fifth gear 750 yuan hidden version - 
Luffy (fifth gear). This one is heavyweight, 100.93g, 
hold it in your hand and shake it up and down, you can 
feel it hitting the box slightly. Although the space is 
not large, the granular sound of the desiccant is particularly 
obvious. Let's take a look at other characters: 

